Removal of CI/CD Infrastructure (#117)
ACCESS-NRI/access-om2-configs: README-DEV.md

### Scheduled

This Pipeline runs certain configurations defined in `config/ci.json` against their already established checksums, as a sort of self-check that validates that we have reproducible results.

### Generate Initial Checksum

This dispatchable workflow allows developers to generate and commit initial checksums to a given branch, usually used in the case where a `release-*` config has not yet been created.

### CI Configuration

This is the `config/ci.json` configuration file for specifying different test markers, or test versions based on type of the test to run, and the name of the git branch or tag. The different types of test are defined as:

> - `scheduled`: These are scheduled monthly reproducibility tests that are run as part of [`schedule-2-start.yml`](#scheduled). The keys under these tests represent released config tags to run scheduled checks on.
> - `reproducibility`: These are reproducibility tests are run as part of [`pr-1-ci.yml`](#pull-request). The keys under these tests represent the target branches into which pull requests are being merged.
> - `qa` - These are quick QA tests are run as part of [`pr-1-ci.yml`](#pull-request). The keys under these tests represent the target branches into which pull requests are being merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `scheduled`: Scheduled monthly reproducibility tests. The keys under these tests represent released config tags to run scheduled checks on.
- `reproducibility`: Reproducibility tests that are run as part of pull requests. The keys under these tests represent the target branches into which pull requests are being merged.
- `qa` - Quick quality assurance tests that are run as part of pull requests. The keys under these tests represent the target branches into which pull requests are being merged.
```
Probably don't need to refer the the workflow names anymore as they aren't mentioned in this README

| model-config-tests-version | `string` | The version of the model-config-tests | `0.0.1` |
| python-version | `string` | The python version used to create test virtual environment | `3.11.0` |

> As most of the tests use the same test and python versions, and similar markers, there are two levels of defaults. There's a default at test type level which is useful for defining test markers - this selects certain pytests to run in `model-config-tests`. There is an outer global default, which is used if a property is not defined for a given branch/tag, and it is not defined for the test default. The `parse-ci-config` action applies the fall-back default logic. For more information on using this action see [`parse-ci-config` README.md](./.github/actions/parse-ci-config/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As most of the tests use the same test and python versions, and similar markers, there are two levels of defaults. There's a default at test type level which is useful for defining test markers - this selects certain pytests to run in `model-config-tests`. There is an outer global default, which is used if a property is not defined for a given branch/tag, and it is not defined for the test default. The `parse-ci-config` action applies the fall-back default logic. For more information on using this action see [`ACCESS-NRI/model-config-tests`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/model-config-tests/).
```
Or, it could point to `parse-ci-config` README.md which will eventually be on the main branch?
